So in the previous part, parts what we did is we creating we created one glass with some kind of limited
private things firstname, lastname, department e-mail or the email generation application, or we
can see email administration application.
Inside this, we created one constructor name as email.
We created some methods for generating mail, asking departments, then the time the password.
This is a very important method to how we are using random random user, not it's not user defined,
its system defined or we can say Java defined already library in Java, then set password here.
This is also very important, and I can say for these very Lindi part of our project.
So what we did is or from the user, it will ask for what it will ask for the current password.
Password managers it will also tell you that you can change the new password, but if not, your current
password is wrong.
It will prove that incorrect password and you will be out of the that part.
So.
Let's see how we can use this part, like how we can run this part before that, we are not running
this part.
But if you want to run this part, you need to create mini method.
So why I'm using you object oriented, you can see this e-mail.
I can just put this like I created main material and I can invoke this.
But it is not very good practice, as this is already very lengthy as you can see now what I can do,
I can create another class in that I can create one object for this.
It will be very helpful to execute.
Also very helpful to understand including this, I can use that methods again and again.
So this is very significant, commented all in Java.
What about object oriented design and how we can create another class is very simple as we created that
email class.
Not similarly like that.
Just go to this email package.
Email at Package, right click here.
It will look good the options.
Wait a minute.
Click here.
This part.
This should you your all options.
No, wait a minute, it will take time to load everything.
This right click here, as you can see, Newport.
I want to clear java glass gelatinous.
And I'm going to put names, Eamon.
At.
So as you can see, both in other similar package and our app created our classes, created this package
and our app is created.
So before we proceed with this, I will import very important matter in boob job thought you did.
As you can see, this is very important legally and we already done with this celebrity.
Now.
In this, I'm going to create amendments, which is basically PSV.
Public static Wortmann.
And it will run our program.
Again, I'm going to create a scanner to see.
Or you can say it's similar to that scanner.
System not in.
Yeah.
Then after this.
What I will do, I will ask for use it to put your name and their first name.
Then string.
Written string.
If name is equal to and not authority is not an exceed.
So or you can use the next line also here, or you can use next year or so, I'm going to use the next
only, not next line or something.
Then again, system, not outdoor rental and internet.
Last name.
And last.
Then
string.
And name is equal to his dog.
Next.
That's it.
So we're done with this.
No, I want to create some.
New employee, I only want to generate new employee.
We already created this email.
Now I want to invoke it this plus to disclose that email club.
Oh, I can do this.
I will first put, yeah, like, uh, in here only.
User.
In full.
Like this?
Now.
Really object.
Border.
You mean glass?
E-mail that e-mail, but email E-M1.
Although I can see object, I'm going to put you in, one is equal to new.
Email.
That's it.
But remember, before that bought and putting easier problem, is this this constant constructor plus
name and last name?
That's why I'm asking you to put the first name and last name, so I will put it like this.
If name.
And that last book.
Now, there isn't a letter in this book, so it will generate new.
Uh.
First name and last name.
But before that, you remember, we created too many methods for generating new password and then you
alternate e-mail mailbox capacity, and we are going to go to further also to see how we can proceed
with this.
What I can do is I will put your choice.
I'm putting it is equal to minus one because you can use the flag of shooting.
But I want to invoke it again and again.
So for this, I will use do I look?
Do I look?
Is similar that we create an orderly system?
Not outdoor retailer.
Then in this in the next lane that starts us, start something like then enter your choice or see me
again, I'm putting selection here.
And this is only for the what agency do you park or not?
Did you ever for some user interface?
One, two, three and four.
I'm putting it like that when.
For sure.
In full.
Then.
For Change password.
Then three four.
Change Mail Box, Repair City.
Slashing fought for.
When the space settled on Edmund.
And save for exit.
I want to read one exit method on some bayfront exit, slash and exit.
That's it.
No, we are done with this.
Now inside this, do I look, I'm going to ask Joyce Joyce is equal to his daughter next week.
As this is integer park, it's not an easy switch, guess?
Choice.
And.
This one.
Is this when is shameful?
So, as you know, we created this variable.
What I can do is this even when that object not we know that we have a method of getting full.
In that fight, we know we have one minute to call get for.
We already figured it.
Well, I'm just using that method.
After this.
Don't forget to put breaks.
Otherwise, it will show again and again that little.
Then this issue is.
Change password.
In one set password.
Mental.
Big again.
Yes.
Three.
Yemen not.
Said mill capacity again, struggling to get.
Then this or.
What is this case for ultimately, Imelda said.
Alternatively, I will alternate my lonely.
Back then, recruitment.
And I guess for you is nothing but just for exiting part, so what I can do is find.
System.
Not.
And don't.
Thank.
You are using this.
All I can say application.
And after this again.
But.
And there should be one default condition here, as you can see, it's too great a default condition.
System.
Not.
Of Don in.
Invalid choice.
And third, but I'll put.
Choice again.
Before that, I will put your submission.
Well, I.
This.
Invalid choice and that choice again.
OK, so we are done with this.
I want to edit this part.
Already created this file, so while I already explained to you about I hope we can use.
And that, if I put it, will exceed that.
So we are done with this part.
So we can run this part, but is we are remaining with our creating, fighting and storing into that
fighting and creating winning.
So I'm going to show you, I'm going to run this part.
In simple scenario.
Training, you can go to this also this all over the strip and you can see there is run out chocolate
chip in windows or you can check for other systems also.
Or you can use either configuration, but simple way that you can see here that the green arrow to run
this part.
So it will ask me an email and Dortmund, so it will run this email app and as you can see, configuration,
it will automatically detect configuration.
It will set the configuration.
Now, in this part, you can see.
All the building process here, this is output and everything, so what application is building?
So it will take time to compile then configuration, then directories and checking all everything.
So as you can see.
In this room configuration, our app is successfully deployed.
I can say I don't think so.
This is very simple app.
You can enhance your to more something like web app or something like that, but this is just the back
end of our.
So I will put here, like Jim's last name is.
B James B only.
So new employees, James B..
Now, what is its department and setting the sales department?
Now I want to show you your info, too, as you can see, he's in for it.
James Dalby, that company, as I told you, namely James v passwords.
This mailbox capacity and I'm not printing any mail.
So in the first part, I will show you, how do you can modify disowns?
So this is just, I'm sure, about how we can run.
I just stop this process here only.
So let us see how we can.
Move forward.
So I just created one simple scenario.
Let us add some this also because there is some mistakes here also.
Emails mentioned then.
New employee also, there is one mistake that there is no gap between two.
This so this will help.
So no less than that again.
So as you can see, this is very back in on this very primary, but here what we understood that how
we can create object oriented design, how we can create system default methods use random.
James Lee.
Or I'm pulling for three accounting department not known for this.
You can see all the information.
Let us see how we can use change password, improve inter-Korean passwords so the current password currently
and copy pasting this part only because I don't want to.
I wonder.
So it will ask for me and the new password, well, I will put one two three.
Bus.
Password change success will know if I'm hearing the info, you can see.
One, two three.
The password is changed.
And I'm not proposing any alternate you can take alternate lives, alternate James B and red Gmail dot
com.
And if I'm putting that you can see alternate said, you can search everything.
Let's change the mailbox capacity and put in here 1000 mailbox double change again, you can see one
thousand.
So we created this.
So this is back in part of our project.